https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14579 (#7070)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/credentials/credential_ocm.adoc

[#creating-a-credential-for-openshift-cluster-manager]
= Creating a credential for Red Hat {ocm}

Add an {ocm} credential so that you can discover clusters.

[#prerequisites-discovery]
== Prerequisites

> * *Required access:* Administrator

Reviewer: Improvement suggestion: “Required access” is not exactly a prerequisite but a condition needed to perform the task. To improve clarity, separate “Required access” from the list of actual prerequisites. This ensures that the user can distinguish between a general condition for performing the task (administrator access) and the specific requirements for configuring OCM credentials (API token or Service Account). 

Example:
```
== Prerequisites

*Required access:* Administrator

* You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account.
* You must have either an API token or Service Account credentials (client ID and client secret).

```

Author: @atifshafi thanks! I moved it out of the section completely. After taking a look at the rest of our doc, the Required access is usually mentioned after the short description. Just updated

[#prerequisites-discovery]
== Prerequisites

> * You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account. Later you need the value that can be obtained by using API tokens or by using your Service Account credentials. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].

Reviewer 2: It's no longer a single value; you will need either an API token, or Service Account credentials (the client ID and client secret), depending on which authentication method you choose.

Reviewer 3: @KevinFCormier Sorry for the question as I didn't work on this story myself, but do we allow the users to enter both? If not (or if we do and theres one that takes precedence) should we note that here as well?

cc @atifshafi

Reviewer 2: No, you can't enter both in one credential.

Reviewer: @dtthuynh By default, UI selects offline token which can be changed. Once you save a cred with an auth method and come back to change it, we can do that. However, creds don't get stored if we want switch back and forth, something worth of mentioning.

> * If you use a Service Account, you must enter the client ID and client secret to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a servic account].

Reviewer 3: typo at the end for `Creating and managing a servic account`

> * If you use a Service Account, you must enter the client ID and client secret to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a servic account].

Author: ```suggestion
* If you use a Service Account, you must enter the client ID and client secret to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a service account].
```

[#create-ocm-credential]
== Managing a credential by using the console

You need to add your credential to discover clusters. To create a credential from the {mce-short} console, complete the steps in the console:

. Log in to your cluster.

> . Click *Credentials* to choose from existing credential options. *Tip:* Create a namespace specifically to host your credentials, both for convenience and added security.

Reviewer 3: I think if we're starting at the credentials section, then this is missing the credential type page where we select the "Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager" option first before jumping into the wizard for ocm.

Also, do we need to call out selecting the "api token" option in the wizard now?

Author: Ok, are you suggesting that we add the following step after step 2:

. To go to the {ocm} console, select *Red Hat {ocm}*

Or should the new step be before clicking the credentials? Is the API token available from the Open Cluster Manager console?

Reviewer 3: I think that works. Screenshot for reference:
<img width="750" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c18a2360-cec1-4969-a175-423852a60882">

Reviewer 2: I agree with David - this section is pretty vague overall. But this is in MCE, not OCM. After you are on the *Credentials* page, you have to click *Add credential*, then choose the *Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager* type of credential. On step 2 of the form, you select the authentication method. We don't necessarily need to get into all the details, but if you write it out step by step, it implies that the details are included.

Note that the link I hover over at the end of the video brings you to this topic, so most people landing here will already be in the middle of creating a credential - they just need the links to OCM documentation to obtain the API token or client ID and secret.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b938d60c-2d77-4c99-ab10-37fe1f961add

. Get your {ocm} API token. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].
. Edit your credential in the console. 
. When you are no longer managing a cluster that is using a credential, delete the credential to protect the information in the credential. Select *Actions* to delete in bulk, or select the options menu beside the credential that you want to delete.

> 

Reviewer 3: do we not need to add a section related to service account?

Author: I'm not sure. It seemed like I only needed to add the links based on the issue description

Reviewer 3: I think this story is related to adding the SA option, which changes the UI for both a bit, whereas before there was no selection needed (only the api token method was available)

<img width="1207" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f328f740-6c05-4d4d-bf4b-4bb69ea86f1f">
<img width="932" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0930b6f6-5a37-4023-a079-c997e58875ec">

[#prerequisites-discovery]
== Prerequisites

> * You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account. Later you need the value that can be obtained by using API tokens or by using your Service Account credentials. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].

Reviewer 4: These seem like separate actions/needs, so I would suggest making them separate bullets. Also, does the documentation you link to instruct users on how to obtain this value from the API token? If so, consider stating that. 

```suggestion
* You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account. 
* You need the value that can be obtained by using API tokens or by using your Service Account credentials. To obtain this value, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].
```

> * You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account. Later you need the value that can be obtained by using API tokens or by using your Service Account credentials. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].

Author: ```suggestion
* You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account. 

* You need the value for API tokens or Service Account credentials. To obtain this value, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].
```

* If you use a Service Account, you must enter the client ID and client secret to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a service account].

[#add-ocm-credential]
== Adding a credential by using the console

You need to add your credential to discover clusters. To create a credential from the {mce-short} console, complete the steps in the console:

. Log in to your cluster.

> . Click *Credentials* > *Credential type* to choose from existing credential options. *Tip:* Create a namespace specifically to host your credentials, both for convenience and added security.

Reviewer 4: Optional. Instead of saying "Tip" I prefer to give users commands. Especially if I know my command is going to help them, I'd rather just have them do it rather than suggest it. 

```suggestion
. Click *Credentials* > *Credential type* to choose from existing credential options. 
. Create a namespace specifically to host your credentials, both for convenience and added security.
```

> . To add a credential, click *Add credential*.

Reviewer 4: You've already said this procedure is for adding credentials, so I'm not sure you need that here, what do you think? 
```suggestion
. Click *Add credential*.
```

> . Select Red Hat {ocm} option.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Select the Red Hat {ocm} option.
```

[#prerequisites-discovery]
== Prerequisites

* You need access to a link:https://console.redhat.com/[console.redhat.com] account.
* You need the value for API tokens or Service Account credentials. To obtain this value, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token].

> * If you use a Service Account, you must enter the client ID and client secret to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a service account].

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick My comment about this no longer being a single value has not been addressed... it mentions "the value" and "this value".

Also, we have two bullets here, the first talking about both API tokens and Service Account credentials, and the second talking about service account only. I suggest organizing it something like this:

> You need an API token for the account, or you can use a separate Service Account.
> * To obtain an API token, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_cluster_manager/1-latest/html/managing_clusters/assembly-managing-clusters#downloading-ocm-api-token_downloading-and-updating-pull-secrets[Downloading the {ocm} API token]
> * To use use a Service Account, you must obtain the credentials (client ID and client secret) during creation of the Service account and then enter them to create the {ocm} credential on your {mce}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_hybrid_cloud_console/1-latest/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/proc-ciam-svc-acct-overview-creating-service-acct[Creating and managing a service account].

Author: Apologies for missing that, I'm working through a few PRs

[#add-ocm-credential]
== Adding a credential by using the console

You need to add your credential to discover clusters. To create a credential from the {mce-short} console, complete the steps in the console:

. Log in to your cluster.
. Click *Credentials* > *Credential type* to choose from existing credential options. 
. Create a namespace specifically to host your credentials, both for convenience and added security.
. Click *Add credential*.
. Select the Red Hat {ocm} option.

> . Select the one of the authentication methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select one of the authentication methods.
```
This seems like a detailed list of steps, but it seems to end prematurely?

*Notes:*

> * Delete the credential to protect the information in the credential.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why you removed the rest of this part about when to delete a credential. It sounds like the information in the credential is not "protected"... whatever we mean by that.

Author: I did that because the goal of the section is to add a credential. Deleting the credential just seemed like another task and not a part of adding the credential

> * If your credential is removed, or your {ocm} API token expires or is revoked, then the associated discovered clusters are removed.

Reviewer 2: @dislbenn Is this accurate? I suppose it should be, but I transferred a bug to you about this topic.

Reviewer 5: @KevinFCormier Yes, this is accurate.
